[DOC-6594]: Help Wanted: Update Mobile Troubleshooting Docs (#6706)
mattermost/docs: source/deploy/mobile-faq.rst

If the app receives the ``deviceId`` later, the device will send the new ``deviceId`` to the server, generating an ``attachDeviceId`` audit log, and adding the ``deviceId`` to the session data in the database.

Since the ``deviceId`` relates to the application, connections through the web browser, even on mobile, won't have a ``deviceID``.

Where can I find mobile message notification logs?
-------------------------------------------------------------
Notification messages are logged to the ``notifications.log`` file. However, this file can only be accessed by server admins.

> Generally you will find it by navigating to ``Notification Settings--->File Location``. One thing to note here is that the ``notifications.log`` exists only if you have enabled it in the Notification Settings i.e., ``NotificationSettings.EnableFile`` should be set to ``TRUE``.

Reviewer: Where would an admin access ``Notification Settings > File Location`` specifically?

Author: Thanks for pointing this out. Will modify this to add better details.

> Generally you will find it by navigating to ``Notification Settings--->File Location``. One thing to note here is that the ``notifications.log`` exists only if you have enabled it in the Notification Settings i.e., ``NotificationSettings.EnableFile`` should be set to ``TRUE``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
System admins can access the ``notifications.log`` file by going to ``Notification Settings > File Location``. The ``notifications.log`` file exists only when enabled in Mattermost by setting ``NotificationSettings.EnableFile`` to ``true`` in the ``config.json`` file.
```

If the app receives the ``deviceId`` later, the device will send the new ``deviceId`` to the server, generating an ``attachDeviceId`` audit log, and adding the ``deviceId`` to the session data in the database.

Since the ``deviceId`` relates to the application, connections through the web browser, even on mobile, won't have a ``deviceID``.

Where can I find mobile message notification logs?
-------------------------------------------------------------
Notification messages are logged to the ``notifications.log`` file.

> System admins can only access this ``notifications.log`` file by going to the ``File Location`` set in the ``Notification Settings``. The admins also have the privilege to set this file location and in case, no file location has been set, then the ``notifications.log`` file gets stored in the default working directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
System admins must enable notification logs in the ``config.json`` file by setting ``EnableFile`` to ``true``, and specifying an optional file location via ``FileLocation``. When no location is configured, the ``notifications.log`` file is stored in the default Mattermost directory. See the `logging configuration settings <https://docs.mattermost.com/configure/environment-configuration-settings.html#logging>`__ documentation for details.
```

> Also, the ``notifications.log`` file exists only when it is enabled in Mattermost by setting ``NotificationSettings.EnableFile`` to ``true`` in the ``config.json`` file.

Reviewer: This text has been incorporated into the proposed text directly above and is no longer needed. Please remove.

> You can learn more about logging `here <https://docs.mattermost.com/configure/environment-configuration-settings.html#logging>`__.

Reviewer: This text has been incorporated into the proposed text directly above and is no longer needed. Please remove.

Author: Suggestions applied. Thanks.

The team members / users can access their notification logs based on their device platform.
Android users can view the logs using ``logcat``.
iOS users can acess the logs in the ``console app`` on their MacOS.

> However, the Android and iOS logs may differ from each other as different things are logged while receiving and processing requests based on the user platform.

Reviewer: Let's remove this last line about the log file contents being different between platforms.

Author: Suggestions applied. Thanks.
